add arrow as backend (#1)
apreshill/dplyr: README.Rmd

In addition to data frames/tibbles, dplyr makes working with other computational backends accessible and efficient. Below is a list of alternative backends:

- [arrow](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r) for larger-than-memory datasets, including on remote cloud storage like AWS S3, using the Apache Arrow C++ engine, [Acero](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/cpp/streaming_execution.html).

- [dtplyr](https://dtplyr.tidyverse.org/) for large, in-memory datasets. 
  Translates your dplyr code to high performance 
  [data.table](https://rdatatable.gitlab.io/data.table/) code.

- [dbplyr](https://dbplyr.tidyverse.org/) for data stored in a relational 
  database. Translates your dplyr code to SQL.

> - [duckdb](https://duckdb.org/docs/api/r) or 

Reviewer: I didn't realize arrow was already mentioned! Looks like Hadley added this just 2 weeks ago--maybe he was eavesdropping on our conversation!

It's odd (to me, in Hadley's change) that duckdb is listed separately from dbplyr since it uses dbplyr's SQL generation, but I guess the difference is that the duckdb package includes the query engine, you don't have to install a database separately.

In addition to data frames/tibbles, dplyr makes working with other computational backends accessible and efficient. Below is a list of alternative backends:

> - [arrow](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r) for larger-than-memory datasets with two backend engine options (default engine is [Acero](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/cpp/streaming_execution.html), the Arrow C++ engine, or [DuckDB](https://duckdb.org/))

Reviewer: I feel like the duckdb integration is too subtle to mention in this bullet point--duckdb is just another dbplyr backend, we've (us and the duckdb developers) just made it so you can stream data between Acero and duckdb. I wouldn't describe `arrow` as having two different backends: it provides an Arrow backend for dplyr, and facilities for integrating with others. The plan is that before long, duckdb won't be exceptional in that regard--that's what ADBC is about. 

How about something like this? I also wonder whether introducing "Acero" here is distracting since no one (yet) knows the name.

```suggestion
- [arrow](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/r) for larger-than-memory datasets, including on remote cloud storage like AWS S3, using the Apache Arrow C++ engine, [Acero].(https://arrow.apache.org/docs/cpp/streaming_execution.html)
```
